[Music]
hi welcome to pasta basics today we're
taking things right back to the start
we're gonna be making really easy cheese
scones
just a few ingredients one of the first
things you learn to make when you're
baking and one of the top hitting
recipes on our website 225 grams of
self-raising flour 55 grams of cold
butter diced 100 grams of cheddar grated
and then another 20 grams of cheddar
we've got some baking powder some
cayenne pepper and some milk and that is
gonna be all the ingredients - and our
cheese schools so first off we're going
to sift our dry ingredients into a bowl
we've got 225 grams of self-raising
flour we want a teaspoon of baking
powder
[Music]
decent pinch of salt pepper got one on
200 which is 185 I've got a large baking
tray in there heating up while we made
the scones our dry ingredients have been
sifted into the bowl that we don't our
butter we've got 55 grams of cold pasta
which deep dives fingertips just to
combine until we have the texture break
drops now we've got the texture of
breadcrumbs can you see that we're just
going to add a hundred grams of the
cheese so in the cheese goes the whole
thing this cons is that you don't
overwork the pastry we just finally get
the cheese combined into a scone mixture
next it's still speckled with cheese
we're going to make them well in the
center we're going to add about 80
milliliters of milk and then we're just
gonna bring this together to become a
dough now you just want this just to
come together as I said before you're
really trying to not overwork this as
soon as that's come together as a sticky
dough we're there so now we've got that
we're just gonna bust our surface with a
bit of flour we're gonna roll our dough
out that it's about two centimetres
thick
contact that's about 8 centimeters
there's one school
great schools and then we're gonna
re-roll savings
mostly we want to waste any
[Music]
[ __ ] quick tape up
just the tops not the sides
more cheese
comes onto the tray put those in the
oven for 15 to 22 minutes into that half
and then we have our peaceful cheese
scones they're all lovely and melty on
the top we're just going to leave them
to cool a little bit before eating them
this has been boss the basics cheese
scones both to get stay home get cooking
[Music]